Add doc for performance benchmark using Kinvolk (#309)
openservicemesh/osm-docs: content/docs/guides/ha_scale/performance.md

---
title: "Open Service Mesh Performance"
description: "Performance benchmark on control plane and data plane sidecar"
type: docs
---

> # Performance

Reviewer: This isn't a how-to guide, so could you move this to `docs/performance/`

> OSM aims to create a high-performance service mesh while providing all essential network management features. The development team benchmarked its performance and has documented the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OSM aims to create a high-performance service mesh while providing all the essential service mesh features. This document describes the control plane and data plane performance of OSM.
```

This benchmark is performed on a Kubernetes cluster provisioned and managed by [Microsoft Azure Kubernetes Service](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/). The cluster has 40 Standard_DS2_v2 nodes (each node has 2 vCPUs and 7GB memory). It is ensured that there is only one OSM controller pod with default resource requirements running during the benchmark. OSM is configured in non-permissive traffic mode. In the benchmark, 150 simple HTTP services were also added to OSM.

## Metrics

The metrics collected during the benchmark are:

* Control plane
    * Peak time CPU/Memory: the maximum CPU/memory usage during the whole benchmark process.
    * Stable time CPU/Memory usage: the average CPU/memory usage the control plane when it is off the peak time and gets stable.
* Data plane sidecar
    * Peak time CPU/Memory: the maximum CPU/memory usage among all sidecar containers during the whole benchmark process.
    * Stable time CPU/Memory usage: the average CPU/memory usage of all data plane sidecar containers when the usage becomes stable.
* Request latency: P50, P90, P99 and maximum of request latencies are collected.

> ## Process

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## What we tested
```
